README.md, before:

# Ideas for projects

A repo of ideas for projects that I have. Feel free to use them in any way you want.

## Tent

### Jiffy Reactions
Service where you can submit reaction GIFs. Files will be approved by an admin and then added to a repo where everyone can use them. Tent will serve as the back-end, using the file post type, and posting a Status message for every newly entered GIF.

### Gint Issues
Tent-GitHub issues integration. Post a status message when you: 

* Open an issue
* Respond to an issue
* Commit on an issue
* Reference an issue
* Close an issue
* Reopen an issue

Possibly prefix status message with something like `git` or `issue` or `github` with something to set off the prefix, like `[word]` or `word ->` or some other character symbol. Of course link directly to issue, possibly using a link shortener (bit.ly). Content could be something like:

```markdown
**[issue]** I just `opened` issue #226 on @ababsurdo's repo, `js-shiv`. Check it out: http://bit.ly/IqT6zt.
```

resulting in: 

**[issue]** I just `opened` issue #226 on @ababsurdo's repo, `js-shiv`. Check it out: http://bit.ly/IqT6zt.

### Tent 0.4+ Schema Repo

A repo similar to [npm](npmjs.org) where developers host a Tent 0.4+ schema on GitHub and it is published to the repository of schemas.

### Firefox/Chrome Tent (Status) Notifications

Notifications in your browser of new reposts, follows, mentions, unfollows, etc.

### Tent Repost
When you see an embedded Tweet on somedamnnewsblog.com, you can click "retweet" and you'll retweet it on Twitter. You can't do that with Tent, because there's not one place to repost from. Tent Repost would be a tiny site where you authenticate and then are able to click "Repost" on Status posts (or other posts?) on sites you're not authenticated with, such as somedamnnewsblog.com.

## Team Fortress 2

### Resume.tf
Resumes for Team Fortress 2 competitive players

## Node.js App Ideas to Learn From

### Pastebin-style site
...with beautify and uglify scripts, linters, markdown editing, and whatever else you think of.

### Pay with a post
Pay with a post mentioning the product on one or more social networks.

### Beta invitation system
Signup with a beta invite.

### GitHub/Twitter Inactive Username Checker
Checks for GitHub/Twitter usernames, optionally matching a given term, that are inactive. While this doesn't really help on Twitter yet (they've got a policy that they don't reassign or delete inactive accounts), you can possibly get a good GitHub username with it.


## Open Source Software Theory

### [What Closed Source Means to Me](https://github.com/bnb/What-Closed-Source-Means-To-Me)
Repo similar to nickdesaulniers/What-Open-Source-Means-To-Me but the opposite, where you list what your positive and negative thoughts are on closed source.

Update: Done! https://github.com/bnb/What-Closed-Source-Means-To-Me

## School

### HP 302/IS 124
For my Honors Project, perhaps I could set up an agreement with the professor where the students can exchange time spent on OSS/pull requests sent on GitHub to C++ projects for 0.5% final grade score, for a max of 3-4%.

## Random 

### Quote Engine
Searchable quotes with community aspect. Search by type, site, person, etc. Made for fans.

Commit message:

Added DN Invite Family Tree

README.md, after:

# Ideas for projects

A repo of ideas for projects that I have. Feel free to use them in any way you want.

## Tent

### Jiffy Reactions
Service where you can submit reaction GIFs. Files will be approved by an admin and then added to a repo where everyone can use them. Tent will serve as the back-end, using the file post type, and posting a Status message for every newly entered GIF.

### Gint Issues
Tent-GitHub issues integration. Post a status message when you: 

* Open an issue
* Respond to an issue
* Commit on an issue
* Reference an issue
* Close an issue
* Reopen an issue

Possibly prefix status message with something like `git` or `issue` or `github` with something to set off the prefix, like `[word]` or `word ->` or some other character symbol. Of course link directly to issue, possibly using a link shortener (bit.ly). Content could be something like:

```markdown
**[issue]** I just `opened` issue #226 on @ababsurdo's repo, `js-shiv`. Check it out: http://bit.ly/IqT6zt.
```

resulting in: 

**[issue]** I just `opened` issue #226 on @ababsurdo's repo, `js-shiv`. Check it out: http://bit.ly/IqT6zt.

### Tent 0.4+ Schema Repo

A repo similar to [npm](npmjs.org) where developers host a Tent 0.4+ schema on GitHub and it is published to the repository of schemas.

### Firefox/Chrome Tent (Status) Notifications

Notifications in your browser of new reposts, follows, mentions, unfollows, etc.

### Tent Repost
When you see an embedded Tweet on somedamnnewsblog.com, you can click "retweet" and you'll retweet it on Twitter. You can't do that with Tent, because there's not one place to repost from. Tent Repost would be a tiny site where you authenticate and then are able to click "Repost" on Status posts (or other posts?) on sites you're not authenticated with, such as somedamnnewsblog.com.

## Team Fortress 2

### Resume.tf
Resumes for Team Fortress 2 competitive players

## Node.js App Ideas to Learn From

### Pastebin-style site
...with beautify and uglify scripts, linters, markdown editing, and whatever else you think of.

### Pay with a post
Pay with a post mentioning the product on one or more social networks.

### Beta invitation system
Signup with a beta invite.

### GitHub/Twitter Inactive Username Checker
Checks for GitHub/Twitter usernames, optionally matching a given term, that are inactive. While this doesn't really help on Twitter yet (they've got a policy that they don't reassign or delete inactive accounts), you can possibly get a good GitHub username with it.

### Designer News Invite Family Tree
Uses the Designer News API to fetch your invite family tree (who invited you, who invited them, etc.) and displays it nicely. Similar to that one for Dribbble.

## Open Source Software Theory

### [What Closed Source Means to Me](https://github.com/bnb/What-Closed-Source-Means-To-Me)
Repo similar to nickdesaulniers/What-Open-Source-Means-To-Me but the opposite, where you list what your positive and negative thoughts are on closed source.

Update: Done! https://github.com/bnb/What-Closed-Source-Means-To-Me

## School

### HP 302/IS 124
For my Honors Project, perhaps I could set up an agreement with the professor where the students can exchange time spent on OSS/pull requests sent on GitHub to C++ projects for 0.5% final grade score, for a max of 3-4%.

## Random 

### Quote Engine
Searchable quotes with community aspect. Search by type, site, person, etc. Made for fans.
